Welcome back.
Let's finish off testing our Google search functionality because with tests the more you have the better
it is.
In most cases anyway because these are never going to go into production is just for devolvement purposes.
It never hurts to have a lot of tests that cover a lot of scenarios because that way we just cover our
bases even more.
And don't worry too much about repeating yourself or do not repeat yourself rule and programming with
it when it comes to tests.
It's OK to repeat yourself ever once every once in a while especially if it makes the tests really readable
for other people reading your code.
Once again these are never going into production.
So it's always better to have more tests than less tests.
So let's test a few more cases with our Google search function.
Let's say that we also want it to work with on defined and Noal input and that we want to make sure
that this function is going to work.
And let me just copy this.
Expect
assertion and within here in the Google search I'm just going to say on defined and we want that to
equal an empty array if we somehow get a weird answer you an undefined input from the user.
We still want to return an empty array because maybe on the front end we're still displaying an empty
list.
Let's save and that passes.
We now have three tests.
And let's also test for the null case again.
We'll copy this and we'll test for no as well.
All right.
Our tests are passing perfect and you can see how nicely outlined there in just for us.
Finally we also want to check if we look at our script that we return no more than three matches.
That's an important feature of our app.
Once again let's say it
does not return more than three matches.
And lame make more space for this so we can see
and once again you can see a lot of repeating here but it's good.
We're writing tests.
Let's say that again I'm just going to copy this because I am lazy to type and will say that we want
the when we search dotcom which all of these have we want this to equal wall to equal an array with
three items.
How can we do that.
Again this is just simple javascript.
We can just do a dot length in the xpect bracket which will return hopefully 3 even though we're doing
dotcom and has four items because of our function isher return the length of three.
So let's test that.
Look at that our test pass and another advice here.
Just because your test passes doesn't mean it's always correct it's always good to start off by making
your tests fail and then trying to make them work.
Let's just make it fail by adding four in here and it's safe.
And all right we see that we expected a value to equal four but we received 3.
That's good.
If we change that to 3 everything is good.
And you can play around with them puts a little bit more.
I think you're Sharn to get this right.
It's not that bad.
It doesn't look that intimidating.
And yet when you look at other people's tests there may be a few more methods that they add other than
to be and to equal.
But the basic principle is the same.
We just have a function that we run tests and that's it.
One final thing we can group all of these because remember with our apps thinking things can get bigger
and bigger and bigger we can group tests that are similar especially in this case the ones that are
doing Google search with a nother function called the describe and describe we'll say describes the
Google search.
And this is the exact same way that the block was described.
The first parameter is a string that will be displayed on the test and then the second one is a function
and we can enter all these tests inside of this block.
So now if I see this I see that the tests are grouped together and I know that all these tests that
were running are under the Google search function so that when we have hundreds of tests we can see
which ones are failing and where we want to target to fix our test.
All right.
More exciting things in the next video.
I'll see that one.
Babai.